Drupal Challenge Instructions
Description
The objective of this challenge is to implement a mini-site using Drupal 10. The site should contain information about ​​music.

Assignment
You will create an app that shows information about the songs, albums, and artists from Spotify, by receiving data from a third-party API. Use Spotify API to achieve this goal.

https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/

Create a clean structure architecture in Drupal showcasing your knowledge of site-building to store and relate the different pieces of data you will retrieve and the proper use of Drupal entities. Provide a good, cohesive front-end with proper theming to demonstrate your knowledge of working with Twigs templates, use of CSS and responsiveness, Javascript, hooks and preprocessors, and other Drupal 8/9/10 functionality. Use the Drupal code standards.

Remember to edit and create your own Readme, letting us know how to install and run it, as well as any information you consider necessary.

Mandatory Features
General
Navigation menu.
Homepage ("/" root page)
The homepage must show a carousel of the top 20 songs.
Each song must show the title, picture, and link to a detail page.
The homepage must show a grid with random 10 artists from the site and a link to the artists' general section ("view more" button)
Each artist must show the title, picture, and a link to a detail page.
Artists page ("/artists")
MAX ARTISTS OVERALL ON SITE 50

List of available artists.
Each artist must show the name, picture, and link to the detail page.
The list must be sortable by name with ASC as default.
The list must be filterable by name, song, and genre.
Songs page ("/songs")
List of available songs.
Each song must show the name, picture, artist, and a link to the detail page.
The list must be sortable by name with ASC as default.
The list must be filterable by name, song, and artist.
Artist Detail page
List of top 10 tracks with link to detail view(name and image).
List of 10 albums(not singles) with link to Spotify(name and image).
Spotify's artist link.
Artist image (1).
Genres.
# of followers.
Name.
Song Detail page
Artist name with a link to the detail page.
Spotify's song link.
Album's name, image, and release date formatted as "mm/dd/yyyy".
Name.
Genres.
Popularity.
Bonus (Optional)
Each detail page URL must use the following convention:
/artists/<artist_name_slug>
/songs/<song_name_slug>
The theme must be enabled automatically as soon as a custom module is enabled.
Search across the site: song, artist, album.